Feat/ipfs for webdevs (#343)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/websites-on-ipfs/introduction-to-fleek.md

# Introduction to Fleek

Fleek is a service that lets you host a website on IPFS, without the need to install anything on your computer or run command-line scripts. This guide will cover the basics of Fleek, the benefits of the service, and some limitations it currently has.

> IPFS is content addressed, which means when you look up a file, you're asking the network to find a node that stores the content hash. If the content changes, the hash changes. This can be a challenge if you‘re constantly adding/updating content. The process of rehashing, reuploading and [updating domain names](/how-to/websites-on-ipfs/link-a-domain/#dns) can be time consuming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPFS is content addressed, which means when you look up a file, you're asking the network to find a node that stores the content hash. If the content changes, the hash changes. This can be a challenge if you‘re constantly adding or updating content. The process of rehashing, adding, and [updating domain names](/how-to/websites-on-ipfs/link-a-domain/#dns) is time consuming.
```

> Fleek offers a simple workflow. Push changes to Git and Fleek will handle updating, pinning and deploying changes downstream. Fleek integrates well with many front end [frameworks](https://docs.fleek.co/Sites/Frameworks) such as React, NextJs, Gatsby, Jekyll Hugo etc. It also provides custom domains, and site monitoring known in traditional web development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleek offers a simple workflow: push your changes to Git, and Fleek will handle updating, pinning, and deploying the changes. Fleek integrates well with React, Next.js, Gatsby, Jekyll, Hugo, and [others](https://docs.fleek.co/Sites/Frameworks). You can also manage your domains through Fleek, and monitor your sites in a similar method to traditional web development.
```

> If you're looking to build a fast front end website, Fleek can be a great option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking to host a fast website on IPFS, Fleek is a great option!
```

> For more information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information check out [Fleek.co](https://fleek.co) and [their documentation](https://docs.fleek.co/).
```

> Website: [https://fleek.co](https://fleek.co/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Documentation: [https://docs.fleek.co](https://docs.fleek.co/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
